Clarify Entra ID AD group → license mapping works with SCIM active (#9053)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-entra-id.md

# Set up SCIM with Entra ID <Lifecycle status="managed, managed_plus" />

<Constant name="dbt_platform" /> supports System for Cross-Domain Identity Management (SCIM) with Microsoft Entra ID for user and group provisioning and profile updates.

SCIM-native license mapping (using a SCIM attribute, as supported with Okta) isn't available for Microsoft Entra ID. However, you can still use [SSO-based AD group → license mapping](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users#mapped-configuration) alongside an active Entra ID SCIM setup.

> - Important to note, keep **Manage user licenses with SCIM** (found in **Account settings -> SSO & SCIM**) disabled. Turning it on tells <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to ignore existing SSO license mappings, which would remove license mapping entirely for Entra ID users.

Author: ```suggestion
:::info
Keep **Manage user licenses with SCIM** (found in **Account settings -> SSO & SCIM**) disabled. Turning it on tells <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to ignore existing SSO license mappings, which would remove license mapping entirely for Entra ID users.
:::
```

# Set up SCIM with Entra ID <Lifecycle status="managed, managed_plus" />

<Constant name="dbt_platform" /> supports System for Cross-Domain Identity Management (SCIM) with Microsoft Entra ID for user and group provisioning and profile updates.

> SCIM-native license mapping (using a SCIM attribute, as supported with Okta) isn't available for Microsoft Entra ID. However, you can still use [SSO-based Active Directory group → license mapping](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users#mapped-configuration) alongside an active Entra ID SCIM setup.

Reviewer: I suggest making the first part of the sentence more active, explain the SCIM mapping, and call out that this is a workaround.
```suggestion
Microsoft Entra ID doesn't support SCIM-native license mapping (the ability to assign licenses directly via a SCIM attribute, as Okta does). As a workaround, you can use [SSO-based Active Directory group → license mapping](/docs/cloud/manage-access/seats-and-users#mapped-configuration) instead. This works even if you have an active Entra ID SCIM integration running alongside it.
```

> When you use the SSO-based Active Directory group → license mapping setup, keep the **Manage user licenses with SCIM** (found in **Account settings -> SSO & SCIM**) toggle disabled. Turning it on tells <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to ignore existing SSO license mappings, which would remove license mapping entirely for Entra ID users.

Reviewer: I notice you use "→ " here and we sometimes use ">" We should probably all decide on one to use.

> When you use the SSO-based Active Directory group → license mapping setup, keep the **Manage user licenses with SCIM** (found in **Account settings -> SSO & SCIM**) toggle disabled. Turning it on tells <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to ignore existing SSO license mappings, which would remove license mapping entirely for Entra ID users.

Author: ```suggestion
When you use the SSO-based Active Directory group → license mapping setup, keep the **Manage user licenses with SCIM** (found in **Account settings > SSO & SCIM**) toggle disabled. Turning it on tells <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> to ignore existing SSO license mappings, which would remove license mapping entirely for Entra ID users.
```
